(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(NARRATOR READING)
Little Old Ginterbong.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
BESHTE: Poa.
Sure is nice to relax
now that we're here
at the Tree of Life.
(SIGHS) Gotta admit.
You're right, Beshte.
Ooh, yeah!
Nothin' better than relaxin'
and munchin' on bugs.
(CRUNCHING)
Ugh. Yeah. Nothing better.
KION: I'm glad
you guys get to relax.
Uh, Kion? You okay?
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY) He's fine.
The mud is helping to treat
the venom in his scar.
Can I...
Yes, you can
wash it off now.
Ah. That's better.
So how's
the healing going?
Kion is making progress.
But we still have
a long way to go.
Right. Long way to go.
Speaking of healing,
Ono, it is time
for your healing to begin.
Oh. Yes, yes, yes!
Your remedy is ready.
Queen Janna and Makini
are waiting for you.
Shall we go
to the Tree of Life?
You... You mean
right now?
Of course. Let's go!
Good luck, Ono!
Yeah, good...
Ooh, water bugs!
They're better than
regular bugs 'cause
they're a lot crunchier.
Ugh! Bunga! Could you be
any noisier when you eat?
I can try. Like this?
(CHOMPING LOUDLY)
I think Bunga's chewing
is kinda quiet
for a honey badger.
(MUFFLED) You know
other honey badgers?
Sure. My friend Binga.
She lives just over there
in the marshes.
Ooh, I've never met
another honey badger.
I gotta meet her!
Okay. Let's go.
Zuka Zama!
Huh. Another
honey badger.
Sounds nice.
Sounds stinky.
(BINGA CHOMPING)
Yep. That'd be Binga.
Wow. She does chew loud.
(CHOMPING)
(LAUGHING)
Whoa! You're
a honey badger.
You're a honey badger!
BOTH: We're honey badgers!
Bunga, meet Binga.
Binga, Bunga.
BOTH: Bunga! Binga!
Bunga! Binga!
Bug eating contest,
Bunga?
You're on, Binga.
Ready? Set... Go!
(GRUNTS)
BUNGA: Whoa!
Whoa.
(BINGA GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
Winner!
What? No way!
I want a rematch!
We can't have
a bug-eating rematch.
We ate all the bugs.
Oh. Yeah. Maybe
something else then.
You're on! Like what?
Uh... I don't know.
But I'll be back as soon as
I think of something.
Okay, Bunga.
See you then.
If your so-called plan
had worked, we'd be
at the Tree of Life right now.
As if your plan
was any better.
Besides, it is
Makucha's fault
we are here.
My fault? You should thank me
for getting us this far.
(ALL GROWLING)
Shush! All of ya!
Mama's got a plan.
And my plan
will actually work.
What makes you so sure,
Mama Binturong?
Because I am much smarter
than you three.
All I have to do is
trick the Night Pride
into letting me
into the Tree of Life.
Once I'm in,
I can find out
their weaknesses.
Won't the Lion Guard
recognize you?
The Lion Guard has never
seen me. Except for Bunga.
And if he sees me,
he'll wish he never had.
That miserable honey badger
destroyed my Tuliza.
What's Tuliza?
Never mind!
Now listen up.
Here's the plan.
MAMA BINTURONG: Help!
Somebody help me, please!
Get her!
Please help me!
(HOOTS) Better warn
the Night Pride.
Help! Oh, help!
CHULUUN: (SNARLS)
Now we gotcha!
No! No, please
get away from me.
I'm just a little,
weak old lady!
My favorite. (GROWLING)
Ora. It's not
for real, remember?
Oh, right.
RANI: Stop right there!
Leave that animal alone.
Why should we?
Because I said so.
Sounds like
fighting words to me.
If that's what you want.
With strength and respect...
ALL: Night Pride Protect!
(GRUNTING)
(ROARS)
(CHUCKLES)
Okay, fine.
You win this time,
Night Pride.
And the next.
Count on it.
Come on, guys.
Let's get out of here.
Oh, thank you so much
for saving me
from those mean animals.
No problem.
You see, with my
injured leg and all,
I could barely
outrun them.
You're safe now,
and that's all that matters.
Now let's get you
to the Tree of Life.
(QUIETLY) Perfect!
Oh, I'm so excited.
Come on, everyone!
FULI: I can't wait.
KION: Yeah. It's what
we came here for.
I just can't believe it.
Me neither,
Little B. Finally.
Ono's gonna get
his eyesight back.
No, I mean I just
can't believe that Binga
beat me at bug-eating.
You lost.
Get over it.
But I gotta come up
with another
honey badger challenge.
Maybe you stink
more than she does.
Yes! That's it! Stink contest.
Thanks, Anga!
Tell Ono I'll see him later.
When he sees me!
He's going now?
NIRMALA: Hello, Lion Guard.
Lion Guard?
It's okay.
They're our friends.
(SOFTLY) No Bunga. Phew.
KION: Rani. You here
for Ono's healing, too?
Actually, no.
We have a new animal
to introduce to Queen Janna.
Come on, everyone.
Welcome, traveler. I am Janna,
Queen of the Tree of Life.
What brings you here?
We rescued her
from the villains
lurking outside the pass.
Why would they pick
on a weak, old lady
with a bad leg?
You no longer need
to worry about them.
You are safe
at the Tree of Life.
We welcome all animals
who need healing.
Perhaps we can even
help your leg.
I believe you may be
our very first... Uh...
Sorry, but what kind
of animal are you?
Oh. Oh, yes.
I'm a... A ginterbong.
I've never heard
of a ginterbong.
We're very, very rare.
You can call
me Granny Ginterbong.
Yes. And the Tree of Life
is home to many rare animals.
So I've heard!
Queen Janna,
perhaps you can take me
on a tour
of your beautiful land.
Unfortunately,
I no longer have the strength
to leave the Tree.
But I'm sure
my granddaughter Rani
would be happy
to show you around.
Once she and the Night Pride
have rested from their patrol.
So the Night Pride
rests during the day?
That makes perfect sense.
I won't trouble you
for a tour right now, dearie.
Maybe just show me to a tree
where I can rest, too?
Of course. Follow me,
Granny Ginterbong.
Thank you again, Queen Janna.
It is my pleasure.
MAMA BINTURONG: (SNIFFS)
Oh? What's that smell?
(SNIFFS)
Ew.
That would be
a honey badger.
Bunga!
(YAWNS) Now,
about your tree?
Oh, don't you
mind me, dear.
I see there are lots
of trees here.
You go rest
like your grandmother said.
Uh, okay. Thank you.
Oh. Oh, no. Thank you.
(SNIFFS)
That disgusting smell
is going to lead me
right to Bunga.
Okay! My turn.
(FARTS)
(COUGHS)
Is that all you got?
(GRUNTS)
(FARTS)
(INHALES DEEPLY)
What?
Now. Try this.
(FARTING LOUDLY)
(COUGHING)
Okay. Okay, Binga.
Okay, you win.
(GASPING) I never
thought I'd say this,
but you're stinkier than me.
It's true. I'm stinkier,
and I eat bugs faster.
Guess that means
I'm the better honey badger.
Not so fast!
I challenge you
to the ultimate
honey badger contest.
You're on!
(SOFT INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
♪ Who is better than who
♪ You'll see it's me
and not you
♪ Only one way to know
if that's true
BOTH:
♪ Show me what you can do
♪ So try and keep up with me
♪ I can do that,
you'll see
♪ Time to finally prove
who's best
BOTH:
♪ But just who will that be?
(GRUNTS)
BOTH:
♪ Whoa-ho, look at you go
♪ You beat me there
♪ Let's try one more dare
BOTH:
♪ Whoa-oh
Look at you go
♪ What else can you do?
♪ So we can see who
♪ Who is better than who
♪ I got you on the run
♪ Except I think
that it's fun
♪ All that matters right now
Is winning and
♪ So maybe you've won
♪ There's still more
we can try
♪ Our only limit's the sky
♪ No one else can
keep up with this guy
♪ Maybe we'll have a tie
BOTH:
♪ Whoa-ho, look at you go
♪ You beat me there
♪ Let's try one more dare
BOTH:
♪ Whoa-oh, look at you go
♪ What else can you do?
♪ So we can see who
♪ Who is better than who
BUNGA:
♪ You're fast
and so acrobatic
BINGA:
♪ You're so fun and carefree
♪ Doesn't matter
Which way you go
BOTH:
♪ You're standing
right next to me
♪ Whoa-oh, look at you go
♪ You beat me there
♪ I've run out of dares
BOTH:
♪ Whoa-ho
We just don't know
♪ Who's better than who
♪ I think maybe it's you
♪ No, maybe it's you
BOTH:
♪ Who is better than who
♪ Nobody's better than you ♪
QUEEN JANNA:
Now, Ono. It is time.
Makini, bring Ono here.
Watch, Nirmala.
Soon this will be
your role.
Ono, your eyesight
will be better now.
But it may never be
as strong as it once was.
Uh, okay.
Makini, please remove
the leaves from his eyes.
Oh, yes. Yes!
I can see so much better now!
Everyone. Everyone!
I can see all of you.
Thank you so much,
Queen Janna.
Of course, Ono.
Now I... Wait a tick...
I don't see Bunga.
Bunga's with his
new friend.
Wanna go tell him
the good news?
Yes! Now that I can see again,
I can find him. Let's go!
(ONO LAUGHING)
I can see!
Kion? Are you ready
to continue your healing?
Yes.
Everyone? I gotta go.
Ono, I'll see you later.
And I'll see you, too!
Okay, now to find Bunga.
That's strange.
Ono? You okay?
Yes.
But Queen Janna was right.
My eyesight isn't
what it used to be.
Maybe you just need
to give it some time.
Maybe. Anga?
See if you can find Bunga?
Yup.
ANGA: Got him.
He's with his new friend.
(SNIFFING) Bunga is
around here somewhere.
I can smell it.
(GASPS) There he is!
BESHTE: Hey, there,
Granny Ginterbong.
Oh. Hello there.
Hello. I'm Ono.
Nice to actually see you.
I've never seen
a ginterbong before.
Well, we are very rare.
And where is
the Lion Guard off to?
We're just meetin' up
with our friend Bunga.
You wanna meet him?
Oh, I'd like to, yes.
But I'm too tired right now.
I need to rest.
Bye-bye, now.
Nice meeting you.
Bye.
(RUSTLING)
ONO: Hmm. That's strange.
Granny Ginterbong's
not limping.
BUNGA: Hey, guys!
Where's Ono?
Bunga! Great news! My...
Oh, Ono! I want
to introduce you
to my new friend, Binga.
She's a honey badger.
Just like me!
Yes. I can see that.
(GASPS) You can see?
I must have healed you
when I touched your wing!
(LAUGHS)
Bet you can't do that,
Binga! Oh, yeah!
Bunga, Queen Janna healed me.
At the Tree of Life.
Oh, yeah.
So, Bunga...
Oh, right.
Everybody, meet Binga.
So you're the honey badger
that's better than Bunga
at everything.
That's me all right.
Hey. We haven't tried
everything.
Oh.
Where's Kion?
I want him
to meet Binga, too.
He's with Nirmala.
Just like every day
since we've been here.
BESHTE: Nirmala's helping
our friend Kion get better.
He hasn't been
feelin' too good lately.
Hmm. So Kion is sick,
the Night Pride rests
during the day,
and the Queen
is lying helpless
under the Tree of Life.
Mama's got a plan.
(GASPS)
Tuliza!
Excuse me,
kind young fellow.
Me?
You wouldn't happen
to have some Tuliza left
for a hungry old lady?
I don't have much left.
But you can have a little.
I don't think
you understand.
So, Bunga.
Snowball fight?
Oh, yeah!
Gotta go.
Another honey badger contest.
Have fun looking around
the Tree of Life, Ono.
MAMA BINTURONG: I want it all!
What's that? Hmm.
Hey, Ono. Come on!
There's still
lots more to see.
Uh, right. Of course.
CHULUUN:
What took you so long?
I got distracted
looking for Bunga.
But now I have a plan.
The Queen of the Tree of Life
is old and weak.
She can't even leave her lair.
We take her out,
and everyone will panic.
Then all those rare,
delicious animals
will be ours.
So what are we waiting for?
You're gonna wait
for my plan.
Now, listen.
The Night Pride
only patrols at night.
So at sunrise,
when they're all tired,
I'll distract them
with a crisis
far away from the Tree.
Then you three can go
to the Tree of Life,
and get rid of the Queen.
What about the Lion Guard?
They're short-handed.
Kion and Bunga
aren't even with them.
They'll be easy
to take care of.
Just leave that Bunga to me!
MAMA BINTURONG:
Oh, no! Help!
That sounds like
Granny Ginterbong.
RANI: Ullu, can you tell
where she is?
MAMA BINTURONG:
Help me! Help me!
(HOOTS) Sounds like
it's coming from Ciso River.
That's way on the other side
of the Tree of Life.
How did the bad guys
get past us?
I don't know.
But we need to
stop them.
Ullu. Find the Lion Guard.
Ask them to meet us
at the river.
That's what I'll do! (HOOTING)
With strength and respect...
ALL: Night Pride protect!
Ha!
The Night Pride
fell for it.
Let's go!
ULLU: Kion. Lion Guard.
Wake up! (HOOTING)
Rani needs your help.
What?
Ullu? What's going on?
It's Granny Ginterbong.
She's being attacked
near the icy river.
Oh, no!
Anga?
On it.
Help! Chuluun is attacking me!
She's hanging from a branch.
But I don't see any bad guys.
If there's snow,
Chuluun could be hiding in it.
Right. Let's go.
(HOOTING) Follow me!
Wait a tick. How does
Granny Ginterbong know
Chuluun's name?
Nawaza, nawaza, nawaza...
Hapana!
Everyone. Everyone!
Stop! This is a trick!
Ono? What do you mean?
Granny Ginterbong isn't
who she says she is.
Listen.
I've never heard
of a ginterbong.
I've seen her climbing
and walking without a limp.
She scared off a pika
and stole his Tuliza.
Chuluun is attacking me!
ONO: And she knows
Chuluun's name!
I think she must be
working with Chuluun.
And Makucha and Ora.
ANGA: Ono's right!
They're headed
for the Tree of Life.
Smart. Great insight, Ono.
Ullu! Go tell Rani.
Granny Ginterbong
is just a decoy.
(HOOTING) Will do!
Lion Guard, with me!
I have never
met a Queen.
Then you better
say hello fast.
And then say goodbye.
(LAUGHS)
KION: Stop right there,
Makucha!
You really thought
you could fool us?
Not us.
It was the old lady's idea.
Well, here's my idea.
Get out!
(GRUNTING)
Twende Kiboko!
(HISSING)
(GRUNTS)
Forget it.
The plan's ruined.
Let's get outta here.
Wait for us.
Yeah!
What's taking them so long?
Old lady in trouble here.
(BUNGA LAUGHING)
Bunga!
So, we meet again,
Mr. Bunga.
Mama Binturong?
You destroyed my Tuliza.
But now I'm gonna get you
and your little friend, too.
(YELLS)
Zuka Zama!
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
Bunga!
You're Bing-credible!
I thought I was
un-Bunga-lievable.
RANI: Night Pride!
Over here!
Night Pride! Oh!
Those honey badgers!
They attacked me!
Say what?
She attacked us!
Curious.
She's no longer limping.
(HOOTING)
Rani. Night Pride.
That ginterbong isn't
who she says she is!
She's not a ginterbong.
She's a binturong!
Common knowledge,
really.
Night Pride, we need
to make sure she leaves
the Tree of Life.
We've got something
I know will get rid of her!
Come on, Binga!
Curious. I wonder
what that is.
I think I know.
(LOUD FARTING)
MAMA BINTURONG:
No! Not again!
(GASPING AND COUGHING)
Ono? Ullu says you're the one
who figured out
Mama Binturong's plan.
Yes. My vision
may not be what it was,
but I still want to help.
You definitely helped.
Thank you.
Rani's right, Ono.
Even if you're not
the keenest of sight,
you are the keenest
of insight.
And you'll always be
part of the Lion Guard,
no matter what.